Aligned format of input/output description in documentation for models (#2248)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/text-recognition-0012/description/text-recognition-0012.md

| Text location requirements                     | Tight aligned crop |
| GFlops                                         | 1.485              |
| MParams                                        | 5.568              |
| Source framework                               | TensorFlow\*       |

## Inputs

Shape: `1, 1, 32, 120` - An input image in the format `B, C, H, W` where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - number of channels
- `H` - image height
- `W` - image width

Note that the source image should be tight aligned crop with detected text converted to grayscale.

## Outputs

> The net outputs a blob with the shape `30, 1, 37` in the format `W, B, L` where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The net output is a blob with the shape `30, 1, 37` in the format `W, B, L` where:
```

Author: Updated

- `W` - output sequence length
- `B` - batch size

> - `L` - confidence distribution across alphanumeric symbols: "0123456789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#" where # - special blank character for CTC decoding algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `L` - confidence distribution across alphanumeric symbols: `0123456789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#` where # - special blank character for CTC decoding algorithm.
```

Author: Updated
